union filter documented incorrectly (#2403)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

Selecting from sets or lists (set theory)
=========================================

> You can select or combine items from sets or lists. Note, multisets are currently not supported and all of the following filters imply unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select or combine items from sets or lists. Note, multisets are currently not supported and all of the following filters imply uniqueness. That means that duplicate elements are removed from the result.
```

    {{ list1 | unique }}
    # => [1, 2, 5, 3, 4, 10]

> To get a unique union of two lists:

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
To get a union (with duplicate elements removed) of two lists:
```

    # list1: [1, 2, 5, 3, 4, 10]
    # list2: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 11, 99]
    {{ list1 | intersect(list2) }}

>     # => [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]

Reviewer 2: Why change this one?

Reviewer: Because that's what Ansible actually returns. Running `ansible localhost -m debug -a 'msg={{ [1, 2, 5, 3, 4, 10] | intersect([1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 11, 99]) }}'` every time gives `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]` for me.

    # list1: [1, 2, 5, 1, 3, 4, 10]
    # list2: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 11, 99]
    {{ list1 | symmetric_difference(list2) }}

>     # => [99, 10, 11]

Reviewer 2: I have the same question about this one.

Reviewer: Same with `ansible localhost -m debug -a 'msg={{ [1, 2, 5, 3, 4, 10] | symmetric_difference([1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 11, 99]) }}'`.
